Man, what an awesome day. Oh my gosh.
Got to enjoy these.
Hey, morning.
Are these individually priced or they
Five for the set? Okay.
They have a course over at South Park in
denim.
Oh no, that's fine. I am I am hungry
though.
>> [laughter]
>> Thank you all very much.
Oh yeah, you all you all had some people
shopping?
What you all got on the shoulder pads
here?
I think I can do that.
That'll work.
Maryland?
I just say Maryland.
>> [laughter]
>> You get it, huh?
I would.
Yeah, it's cool.
Hey, if it doesn't if if we can't sell
it, I'll drink coffee out of it. I like
that cup. That's a nice cup.
You got to watch your wallet, that's all
cuz I everybody trying to sell you
something over there.
>> [laughter]
>> Candace, I like this candle.
It's used, but I'm I'm going to get it.
I like it.
For me.
It [snorts] does. It's not used very
much.
Is it primitive?
My mother had one like this when I was a
kid.
Bro,
I'm not primitive.
It's probably from the '80s, huh? Or
'90s.
Oh, is it that old?
Well, I mean yeah, but that's not
primitive.
I know, but it's not like even primitive
constructed.
You sure it's not a reflex tester?
>> [laughter]
>> Oh my gosh, you with your primitive
word.
This one but everything's everything's
primitive.
Stop saying that word around me.
That's not primitive, Candace. We had
these when I was a kid.